Correct type cast for COALESCE and IFNULL (#9462)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-7283-result-parameter-type.md

## bugfix/sql

> Fixes a failing inner join query, projecting parameters from the inner
> table to the result projection. As a side effect the default column
> metadata was changed from `boolean` to `any` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a failing inner join query, projecting parameters from the inner
table to the result projection. As a side effect, changed the default type of column
metadata from `boolean` to `any`.
```
